DOCS-1088: Document more of the cloud API (#1814)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/apis/cloud.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### CreateLocation

> Create and name a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}} under the organization and location you are currently authenticated to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and name a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}} under the organization you are currently authenticated to.
Optionally, make a parent location for this location.
```
Expanding intro could be good-- Something like this I think would make the parent location functionality easier to understand

Author: ```suggestion
Create and name a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}} under the organization you are currently authenticated to.
Optionally, put the new location under a specified parent location.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `name` [(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Name of the new location.
- `parent_location_id` [(Optional[string])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Optional parent location to put the location under.

> Defaults to to a root-level loation if you do not provide a location ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to creating a location in your organization at root level if you do not provide a location ID.
```
Typo, otherwise opt-- think more explanation here would be good but I think it's still readable as is

**Raises:**

> - `GRPCError`: This error is raised if either an invalid name (such as "") or invalid parent location ID is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid name or invalid parent location ID is passed, for example, `""` or `nil`. 
```
(opt) Would say remove either anyways

Author: ```suggestion
- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid name (such as "") or invalid parent location ID is passed.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### GetLocation

Get a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}} by its location ID.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `location_id` [(Optional[string])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location to get.
Defaults to the location ID provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed, or if one isn't passed and no location ID was provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Returns:**

- [(viam.proto.app.Location)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location): The location corresponding to the provided ID.

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
location = await cloud.get_location(location_id="123ab12345")
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.get_location).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### UpdateLocation

> Change the name of a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="parent location" >}} and/or assign it a new location.

Reviewer: Not sure if it's ok to use and/or generally with current style guidance, but I can't think of a better way to phrase it 😆 So my thought is it's ok?

Author: Yeah I had the same thought :D So I just left it as it was in the Python docs

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `location_id` [(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location to update.
- `name` [Optional(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Optional new name to update the location name to.
If nothing is passed, the name is not changed.
- `parent_location_id` [Optional(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Optional ID of the new location to move the location to.
If nothing is passed, the location does not move.
If an empty string is passed, the location moves up to the top level.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed, or if one isn't passed and no location ID was provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Returns:**

- [(viam.proto.app.Location)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location): The newly updated location.

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}

> # The following line takes the location with ID "abc12abcde" and moves it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The following line takes the location with ID "abc12abcde" and moves it to be a sub-location of the location with ID "xyz34xxxxx"
```
(opt) Would put this all on one line myself bc I personally think it looks better, but highly highly optional

Author: I think I'll leave as-is because on narrow screens it will become quite wide. However, maybe I should split the parameters onto multiple lines as well now that I look at it...

Author: (done splitting BTW)

> # to be a sub-location of the location with ID "xyz34xxxxx"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(location_id="abc12abcde", name="", parent_location_id="xyz34xxxxx")

Author: ```suggestion
my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="",
    parent_location_id="xyz34xxxxx"
)
```

# The following line changes the name of the location without changing its parent location

> my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(location_id="abc12abcde", name="Land Before Robots")

Author: ```suggestion
my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="Land Before Robots"
)
```

# The following line moves the location back up to be a top level location without changing its name

> my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(location_id="abc12abcde", name="", parent_location_id="")

Author: ```suggestion
my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="",
    parent_location_id=""
)
```

```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.update_location).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### DeleteLocation

Delete a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}}.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

> - `location_id` [(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `location_id` [(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location.
```
(opt)

Author: Possibly superfluous but leaving as-is just to make sure they get it and don't somehow think it's the parent location or some such, and because this is a very short description anyway so I'm not too worried about verbosity here.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed.

**Returns:**

- None

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
# Replace string with a valid location ID
await cloud.delete_location(location_id="abc12abcde")
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.delete_location).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### ListLocations

> Get a list of all {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="locations" >}} under the organization you are currently autheticated to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a list of all {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="locations" >}} under the organization you are currently authenticated to.
```

Author: TY for catching :D

- `name` [Optional(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Optional new name to update the location name to.
If nothing is passed, the name is not changed.
- `parent_location_id` [Optional(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): Optional ID of the new location to move the location to.
If nothing is passed, the location does not move.
If an empty string is passed, the location moves up to the top level.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed, or if one isn't passed and no location ID was provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Returns:**

- [(viam.proto.app.Location)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location): The newly updated location.

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
# The following line takes the location with ID "abc12abcde" and moves it
# to be a sub-location of the location with ID "xyz34xxxxx"
my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="",

>     parent_location_id="xyz34xxxxx"

Reviewer 2: (minor) when listing args on multiple lines I think it's more idiomatic to include a comma at the end of every arg, including the last one.

Author: ```suggestion
    parent_location_id="xyz34xxxxx",
```

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid name (such as "") or invalid parent location ID is passed.

**Returns:**

- [(viam.proto.app.Location)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location): The newly created location.

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
my_new_location = await cloud.create_location(name="Robotville", parent_location_id="111ab12345")
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.create_location).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### GetLocation

Get a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}} by its location ID.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `location_id` [(Optional[string])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location to get.
Defaults to the location ID provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed, or if one isn't passed and no location ID was provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Returns:**

> - [(viam.proto.app.Location)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location): The location corresponding to the provided ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [(Location)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location): The location corresponding to the provided ID.
```
I'm actually not super sure if this is best but generally bc they're using this package I would remove the rest of the import, as they won't really need it to understand their code and it's linked

my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="",
    parent_location_id="xyz34xxxxx"
)

# The following line changes the name of the location without changing its parent location
my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="Land Before Robots"
)

# The following line moves the location back up to be a top level location without changing its name
my_updated_location = await cloud.update_location(
    location_id="abc12abcde",
    name="",
    parent_location_id=""
)
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.update_location).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### DeleteLocation

Delete a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="location" >}}.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `location_id` [(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location to delete.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed.

**Returns:**

- None

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}

> # Replace string with a valid location ID

Reviewer 2: there are a lot of fake location IDs in here but I don't think this advisory comment appears in all of them. Would it make sense to either remove it here, or add it everywhere else that we have a fake location_id?

Author: You're not wrong; I should probably just remove them all

Author: Removed them all!

await cloud.delete_location(location_id="abc12abcde")
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.delete_location).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### ListLocations

Get a list of all {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="locations" >}} under the organization you are currently authenticated to.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- None

**Returns:**

- (List[[viam.proto.app.Location](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/proto/app/index.html#viam.proto.app.Location)]): The list of locations.

```python {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
locations = await cloud.list_locations()
```

For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.AppClient.list_locations).

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### LocationAuth

> Get a location’s `LocationAuth` (location secret or secrets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a location’s location secret by ID.
```
Sorry, I know I approved already, but I think specifying by ID in description is good and would remove parenthesis. Optional but strongly suggest

Author: Hmm the LocationAuth isn't just the location secret; it also contains location ID and secret IDs. How about this
```suggestion
Get a location’s authentication information by location ID.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `location_id` [(string)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str): ID of the location to retrieve `LocationAuth` from.
Defaults to the location ID provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Raises:**

- `GRPCError`: This error is raised if an invalid location ID is passed, or if one isn't passed and no location ID was provided at `AppClient` instantiation.

**Returns:**

> - [(viam.proto.app.LocationAuth)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/gen/app/v1/app_pb2/index.html#viam.gen.app.v1.app_pb2.LocationAuth): The `LocationAuth` containing location secrets.

Author: ```suggestion
- [(viam.proto.app.LocationAuth)](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/gen/app/v1/app_pb2/index.html#viam.gen.app.v1.app_pb2.LocationAuth): The `LocationAuth` containing location secrets and secret IDs.
```
